README.md, before:

# DIY OpenFAN Controller


## What is this project about?

[![DIY OpenFAN Controller](http://img.youtube.com/vi/C8tcsyASQRM/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8tcsyASQRM "DIY OpenFAN Controller")

Above video shows the finished 10 channel PC fan controller, how it works and motivation behind some of the design decisions.

## How can I build my own?
The above video explains the idea and how hardware and firmware works. It's recommended that you watch that first.
Hardware and firmware build instructions and source files are available in their respective folders.

---

Blog page: https://sasakaranovic.com/projects/openfan-controller/

YouTube video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8tcsyASQRM


---

#### Sasa Karanovic

<a href="https://sasakaranovic.com/" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic Home Page"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_home.png" width="16"> Home Page</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://youtube.com/c/sasakaranovic" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on YouTube"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_youtube.png" width="16"> YouTube</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://github.com/sasakaranovic" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on GitHub"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_github.png" width="16"> GitHub</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://twitter.com/_sasakaranovic_" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on Twitter"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_twitter.png" width="16"> Twitter</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://instagram.com/_sasakaranovic_" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on Instagram"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_instagram.png" width="16"> Instagram</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/sasakaranovic" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on Buy me a coffee"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_coffee.png" width="16"> Buy me a coffee</a>


[home]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_home.png "Sasa Karanovic Home Page"
[youtube]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_youtube.png "Sasa Karanovic YouTube channel"
[github]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_github.png "Sasa Karanovic on GitHub"
[twitter]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_twitter.png "Sasa Karanovic on Twitter"
[instagram]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_instagram.png "Sasa Karanovic on Instagram"
[coffee]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_coffee.png "Buy me a coffee"

Commit message:

Adding OpenFAN web shop link.

README.md, after:

# DIY OpenFAN Controller


## What is this project about?

[![DIY OpenFAN Controller](http://img.youtube.com/vi/C8tcsyASQRM/0.jpg)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8tcsyASQRM "DIY OpenFAN Controller")

Above video shows the finished 10 channel PC fan controller, how it works and motivation behind some of the design decisions.

## How can I build my own?

The above video explains the idea and how hardware and firmware works. It's recommended that you watch that first.
Hardware and firmware build instructions and source files are available in their respective folders.

---

## Can I buy OpenFAN

Yes you can! It's available on the [web shop](https://shop.sasakaranovic.com/products/openfan-pc-fan-controller).


---

Blog page: https://sasakaranovic.com/projects/openfan-controller/

YouTube video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C8tcsyASQRM


---

#### Sasa Karanovic

<a href="https://sasakaranovic.com/" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic Home Page"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_home.png" width="16"> Home Page</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://youtube.com/c/sasakaranovic" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on YouTube"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_youtube.png" width="16"> YouTube</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://github.com/sasakaranovic" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on GitHub"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_github.png" width="16"> GitHub</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://twitter.com/_sasakaranovic_" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on Twitter"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_twitter.png" width="16"> Twitter</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://instagram.com/_sasakaranovic_" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on Instagram"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_instagram.png" width="16"> Instagram</a> &nbsp;&middot;&nbsp;
<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/sasakaranovic" target="_blank" title="Sasa Karanovic on Buy me a coffee"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_coffee.png" width="16"> Buy me a coffee</a>


[home]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_home.png "Sasa Karanovic Home Page"
[youtube]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_youtube.png "Sasa Karanovic YouTube channel"
[github]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_github.png "Sasa Karanovic on GitHub"
[twitter]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_twitter.png "Sasa Karanovic on Twitter"
[instagram]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_instagram.png "Sasa Karanovic on Instagram"
[coffee]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/SasaKaranovic/common/master/assets/img_coffee.png "Buy me a coffee"
